Add sn-client-js examples (#2)
herflis/docs-temp: content/basic-concepts.md

sensenet offers you a rich API allowing you to manage, integrate and deliver content on all types of clients, devices and platforms. This section explains the API structure and main concepts in more depth.

> The Content Repository is an [OData](https://www.odata.org/) producer which means your application can consume our [OData](https://www.odata.org/) service to create web and mobile apps or any other type of content based applications. It supports CRUD operations, properties, binary streams, paging options, custom queries and many more.

Author: For me The Content Repository is like a magic word. What is a Content Repository?

Reviewer: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_repository](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_repository) 😁
btw maybe we should change this to sensenet content repository 🤔

# Query options

> Query options are query string parameters a client may specify to control the amount and order of the data that a service returns for the resource identified by the URI. In sensenet there're two types of query options available [OData System Query Options](https://docs.oasis-open.org/odata/odata/v4.01/odata-v4.01-part2-url-conventions.html#sec_URLComponents) and custom sensenet query options. The OData standard query options' names are prefixed with a "$" character, sensenet query options should be used without a prefix.

Author: I've changed the url to link to the latest implementation. Which version of OData are we supporting right now?

Author: We use OData protocol v3.

> Query options are query string parameters a client may specify to control the amount and order of the data that a service returns for the resource identified by the URI. In sensenet there're two types of query options available [OData System Query Options](https://docs.oasis-open.org/odata/odata/v4.01/odata-v4.01-part2-url-conventions.html#sec_URLComponents) and custom sensenet query options. The OData standard query options' names are prefixed with a "$" character, sensenet query options should be used without a prefix.

Author: ```suggestion
Query options are query string parameters a client may specify to control the amount and order of the data that a service returns for the resource identified by the URI. In sensenet there're two types of query options available [OData System Query Options](https://www.odata.org/documentation/odata-version-3-0/url-conventions/) and custom sensenet query options. The OData standard query options' names are prefixed with a "$" character, sensenet query options should be used without a prefix.
```
that was not even the good url. 😓
